very good and welcome to a new
video for the geotec hd channel and good
as you can see we have opposite
of our cameras one of the new
terminals of the samsung firm is in
this case the galaxy s3 mini the brother
small one of the best terminals
of this year 2012 the s3 of the name I have
have to say that I do not like that much
called s3000 and they could have given
another name since it seems to be
pretty bad and that is a waste of the
family but good is very good
first of all let's do a boxing
and here we have the box in the part
front we would have the phone blank
Samsung Galaxy s3 Mini
in this side samsung galaxy of 3 mini
samsung
in the other we have nothing in the part
from above to the samsung website
but you have in the bottom part
the bullshit that all the mobiles bring
and also in features the box is
white but the terminal if not
I'm wrong, it 's silver blue, it 's
weird and we have the features
super amoled screen android comes with
yelling 4.1 wifi and here your
Features a dual core gigahertz
cortex a9 1500 milliamperes battery
It is very perdomo and very well
the price if I'm not mistaken is about
250 euros 300 but I recommend it
that if they ask you for more than 100 do not
you buy because it's not worth much
for more than 100 euros
well here we would have
finish how we get them out of here
here we will have it then we will make a
review
here we go here the typical plastic in
where all the phones come from today
in day
here instruction manuals that do not
many people read them and here we would have
a pair of headphones
not being a brand of these cheap
they look pretty good
pretty good look here we would have
samsung here the call control for
go up volume down
pretty good looking has these helmets
and together with them they bring them here
different couplings so that we are
be more comfortable in our ears here
we would have a usb and microusb cable
and here the typical samsung charger already
here we have it
well the box no longer contains anything
more if I'm not wrong I brought a couple of
more books but not
He has not kept us, I do not have them
terminal is not mine have left me
borrowed and well this is all that
it came in the box and now we will go to
make a review of the phone we will tell you
our
good our opinions is a terminal
for those people who are starting or
already have an android phone but that
wants to take a step to a dual core and a
screen so it's called mini but it's not
is mini is 4 inches the mini v has
3 with 7 so it's not that small but
Well I hope you liked the
video that says to like that you
subscribe jce and I do not recommend this
terminal I liked it a lot and even the
next